log.md, before:

Next up:
- resume https://structy.net at section 3: linked list find

3/26/2025
- Hacking with Swift: Day 25

3/25/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Reviewed some of 23 I was having trouble following last night
    - Day 24
    - Started day 25
- Structy: finished first 5 free items in section 3: linked list I

3/24/2025
- Hacking with Swift: day 23

3/22/2025
- Hacking with Swift: Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI: day 21 & 22
- Structy: finished free items in section 2 Beginner Recursion

3/21/2025
- Structy: finished free items in section 1 Hashing

3/20/2025
- Worked on Structy section 1: pair sum and pair product

3/19/2025
- Hacking with Swift - Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI: day 20 (I did 19 at some point but did not track it)
- Structy - Section 1: hashing welcome, anagrams, & most frequent char

3/18/2025
- Structy - finished Section 0


3/17/2025
- Structy - Section 0 through big-o basics
- Added unit tests to project from Hacking With SwiftUI day 19 (building a unit converting app)

3/11/2025
- reviewed canConcat challenge on Structy

3/4/2025
- Finished quick, simple website to launch with GitHub pages

3/1/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI: day 18
    - Test Yourself: Second three from Operators and conditions (Comparison operators, Conditions, Combining conditions)


3/1/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI day 17
    - Test Yourself: First three from Operators and conditions (Arithmetic operators, Operator overloading, Compound assignment operators)

2/24/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Revisited 100 Days of SwiftUI day 16
    - Test Yourself: Complex types
- Parallel work on a potential reading tracking app 

2/23/2025
I'm back! After a couple of years of React Native and some React work, I'm brushing up on SwiftUI. To get started, I'm looking at Day 15 of Hacking With Swift's 100 Days of SwiftUI. It's a review: Learn essential Swift in one hour. https://www.hackingwithswift.com/articles/242/learn-essential-swift-in-one-hour
- Resolved GitHub issues from this old project
- Hacking With Swift Test Yourself: Simple types https://www.hackingwithswift.com/review#start

Need to finish:
- challenge day 34 (when correct button is tapped, the other 2 should fade to 25%. apply an animation for when wrong button is tapped)
- Day 35 (created project but still need to do almost all of the work)
- Finish day 38: Add some validation to the Save button in AddView. If you enter “fish” or another thing that can’t be converted to an integer, show an alert telling users what the problem is.

5/25/2020
- SwiftUI tutorials from developer.apple.com: Reviewed Creating and Combining Views, completed Building Lists and Navigation and Handling User Input

3/29/2020
- Binary search in Swift

3/28/2020
- Khan Academy: Binary search (javascript)

3/27/2020
- Khan Academy algorithms course

3/26/2020
- 

3/25/2020
- Leetcode
- Restarted Algorithms course on Khan Academy

3/24/2020
- ?

3/23/2020
- ?

3/22/2020
- Leet code challenge started (around this day, not sure when, but before 3/24)

3/21/2020
- no swift

3/20/2020
- Leetcode challenge (but on paper before bed)

3/19/2020
- don't remember

3/18/2020
- don't remember

3/17/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Did first 2 challenge items for Day 38

3/16/2020
- app planning

3/15/2020
- Don't remember

3/14/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Guess the flag: correct button spins when tapped

3/13/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on animations again

3/12/2020
- Treehouse: Navigating Through An Adventure

3/11/2020
- No Swift

3/10/2020
- I don't remember :(

3/9/2020
- started dive project

3/8/2020
- No swift

3/7/2020
- No swift

3/6/2020
- No swift

3/5/2020
- Read some RxSwift

3/4/2020
- Can't remember :(

3/3/2020
- No swift

3/2/2020
- No swift

3/1/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Revisited animations

2/29/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 38

2/28/2020
- No code?

2/27/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Finished Day 36, Day 37

2/26/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 36

2/25/2020
- No Swift

2/24/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on Day 34 a little bit

2/23/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on Day 35

2/22/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on Day 35

2/21/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 35

2/20/20
- No code

2/19/2020
- No code?

2/18/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34 and 35 briefly

2/17/2020
- No code :(

2/16/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 35
- Read documentation and revisited resources on animation

2/15/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34

2/14/2020
- No code :(

2/13/2020
- Treehouse: Build an Interactive Story App: Designing the Main Screen

2/12/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34

2/11/2020
- No code :(

2/10/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34

2/9/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 34

2/8/2020
- No code :(

2/7/2020
- No Swift code :(

2/6/2020
- No code :(

2/5/2020 (should be at day 38 assuming 1 day per day)
- No Swift code :( after work, long drive)

2/4/2020
- (Prioritized other work)

2/3/2020
Prioritized work :(, listened to some Swift podcast

2/2/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 33

2/1/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 32, started 33

1/31/2020
- Rest day (I think...)

1/30/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 31

1/29/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 30

1/28/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 27 & 28 & 29

1/27/2020
- Prioritized work :( but listened to Fireside Swift episodes

1/26/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 25 project finished

1/25/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 25 project started, Day 26
Eyes still feel strained

1/24/2020
- Rest day... eyes felt strained

1/23/2020
- Worked on non-swift programming for work :(

1/22/2020
- Worked on non-swift programming for work :(

1/21/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 23 & 24

1/20/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 20 & 21 & 22

1/19/2020
- Rest day

1/18/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 19 - SwiftUI preview never worked for this project. Deleted, restarted, and finished.

1/17/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 19 continued briefly

1/16/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 19 - project started

1/15/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 17 & 18

1/14/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 16
- Treehouse: Introduction (for Build an Interactive Story App with Swift), Navigation Controllers, Root View Controllers

1/13/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 25 (started)
- Treehouse: CLLocationManagerDelegate, UITextFieldDelegate

1/12/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 24
- Treehouse: Implementing A Delegate, Acting As A Delegate

1/11/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Finished Day 23 project
- Treehouse: resumed intermediate iOS track: Racing Horses

1/10/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - continued project

1/9/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - continued project
- Treehouse: Escaping, Weak and Unowned. COMPLETED INTERMEDIATE SWIFT TRACK! Reviewed some videos

1/8/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - continued project
- Treehouse: Throwing from Inside a Closure, Rethrowing an Error

1/7/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - started project
- Treehouse: Reduce (video and objective)

1/6/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 22
- Treehouse: Filter, Reduce (half of video)

1/5/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 20 & 21

1/4/2020
- Treehouse: Closure Expression Syntax, Closure Expression Shorthand, Map, Flat Map

1/3/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: last 2 videos from Day 19
- Treehouse: A Quick Recap

1/2/2020
- Treehouse: Higher Order Functions objectives, Capturing Variables, Review
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 18, video 1 from Day 19

1/1/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 17

12/31/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 16 (finished)
- Treehouse: Functions as Data, Functions as Parameters, Extending the Int Type, Returning Functions

12/30/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 16 (partial)
- Treehouse: Generics and Associated Types, Extending Generic Types (video and exercise)

12/29/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 15
- Treehouse: Associated Types, Constraints with Where Clauses, Constraining Associated Types

12/28/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 14
- Treehouse: Linked Lists, Linked Lists Operations, Creating a Generic Type

12/27/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 13
- Treehouse: Protocol Based Type Constraints, Class Based Type Constraints

12/26/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 12 (Resuming at Nil Coalescing quiz)
- Treehouse: Writing Generic Functions, Multiple Type Parameters

12/25/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 12 (up to Nil Coalescing video)
- Treehouse: API Design Guidelines: Correct Phrasing, Side-Effects and Mutation, Conventions

12/24/2019
- Treehouse: API Design Guidelines: Guidelines for Naming Methods, Fluent Usage, Prepositional vs. Grammatical Phrases
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 11

12/23/2019
- Treehouse: Intermediate Swift: Weak references & Understanding Access Levels. API design guidelines: Why do we need guidelines? & Naming Types.
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 10

12/22/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 9
- Treehouse: Intermediate Swift: Weak references (started, will rewatch when I’m not falling asleep)

Commit message:

updates for the last few days

log.md, after:

Next up:
- resume https://structy.net at section 3 - REPEAT THE CHALLENGES HERE BEFORE MOVING ON
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI - Day 30

3/31/2025
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI - Day 28 & Day 29

3/30/2025
- Structy: section 3: linked list I (get node value, reverse list, zipper-lists) - first attempts. Need to repeat to solidify knowledge

3/29/2025
- Travel day: day trip to 757ColorCoded's Get Hired event

3/28/2025
- Structy: section 3: linked list I - linked list find
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI - Day 27

3/27/2025
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI - Day 26

3/26/2025
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI - Day 25

3/25/2025
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI
    - Reviewed some of day 23 I was having trouble following last night
    - Day 24
    - Started day 25
- Structy: finished first 5 free items in section 3: linked list I

3/24/2025
- Hacking with Swift: 100 Days of SwiftUI - day 23

3/22/2025
- Hacking with Swift: Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI: day 21 & 22
- Structy: finished free items in section 2 Beginner Recursion

3/21/2025
- Structy: finished free items in section 1 Hashing

3/20/2025
- Worked on Structy section 1: pair sum and pair product

3/19/2025
- Hacking with Swift - Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI: day 20 (I did 19 at some point but did not track it)
- Structy - Section 1: hashing welcome, anagrams, & most frequent char

3/18/2025
- Structy - finished Section 0


3/17/2025
- Structy - Section 0 through big-o basics
- Added unit tests to project from Hacking With SwiftUI day 19 (building a unit converting app)

3/11/2025
- reviewed canConcat challenge on Structy

3/4/2025
- Finished quick, simple website to launch with GitHub pages

3/1/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI: day 18
    - Test Yourself: Second three from Operators and conditions (Comparison operators, Conditions, Combining conditions)


3/1/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Revisiting 100 Days of SwiftUI day 17
    - Test Yourself: First three from Operators and conditions (Arithmetic operators, Operator overloading, Compound assignment operators)

2/24/2025
- Hacking with Swift:
    - Revisited 100 Days of SwiftUI day 16
    - Test Yourself: Complex types
- Parallel work on a potential reading tracking app 

2/23/2025
I'm back! After a couple of years of React Native and some React work, I'm brushing up on SwiftUI. To get started, I'm looking at Day 15 of Hacking With Swift's 100 Days of SwiftUI. It's a review: Learn essential Swift in one hour. https://www.hackingwithswift.com/articles/242/learn-essential-swift-in-one-hour
- Resolved GitHub issues from this old project
- Hacking With Swift Test Yourself: Simple types https://www.hackingwithswift.com/review#start

Need to finish:
- challenge day 34 (when correct button is tapped, the other 2 should fade to 25%. apply an animation for when wrong button is tapped)
- Day 35 (created project but still need to do almost all of the work)
- Finish day 38: Add some validation to the Save button in AddView. If you enter “fish” or another thing that can’t be converted to an integer, show an alert telling users what the problem is.

5/25/2020
- SwiftUI tutorials from developer.apple.com: Reviewed Creating and Combining Views, completed Building Lists and Navigation and Handling User Input

3/29/2020
- Binary search in Swift

3/28/2020
- Khan Academy: Binary search (javascript)

3/27/2020
- Khan Academy algorithms course

3/26/2020
- 

3/25/2020
- Leetcode
- Restarted Algorithms course on Khan Academy

3/24/2020
- ?

3/23/2020
- ?

3/22/2020
- Leet code challenge started (around this day, not sure when, but before 3/24)

3/21/2020
- no swift

3/20/2020
- Leetcode challenge (but on paper before bed)

3/19/2020
- don't remember

3/18/2020
- don't remember

3/17/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Did first 2 challenge items for Day 38

3/16/2020
- app planning

3/15/2020
- Don't remember

3/14/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Guess the flag: correct button spins when tapped

3/13/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on animations again

3/12/2020
- Treehouse: Navigating Through An Adventure

3/11/2020
- No Swift

3/10/2020
- I don't remember :(

3/9/2020
- started dive project

3/8/2020
- No swift

3/7/2020
- No swift

3/6/2020
- No swift

3/5/2020
- Read some RxSwift

3/4/2020
- Can't remember :(

3/3/2020
- No swift

3/2/2020
- No swift

3/1/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Revisited animations

2/29/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 38

2/28/2020
- No code?

2/27/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Finished Day 36, Day 37

2/26/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 36

2/25/2020
- No Swift

2/24/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on Day 34 a little bit

2/23/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on Day 35

2/22/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Worked on Day 35

2/21/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 35

2/20/20
- No code

2/19/2020
- No code?

2/18/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34 and 35 briefly

2/17/2020
- No code :(

2/16/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 35
- Read documentation and revisited resources on animation

2/15/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34

2/14/2020
- No code :(

2/13/2020
- Treehouse: Build an Interactive Story App: Designing the Main Screen

2/12/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34

2/11/2020
- No code :(

2/10/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Continued Day 34

2/9/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Started Day 34

2/8/2020
- No code :(

2/7/2020
- No Swift code :(

2/6/2020
- No code :(

2/5/2020 (should be at day 38 assuming 1 day per day)
- No Swift code :( after work, long drive)

2/4/2020
- (Prioritized other work)

2/3/2020
Prioritized work :(, listened to some Swift podcast

2/2/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 33

2/1/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 32, started 33

1/31/2020
- Rest day (I think...)

1/30/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 31

1/29/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 30

1/28/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 27 & 28 & 29

1/27/2020
- Prioritized work :( but listened to Fireside Swift episodes

1/26/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 25 project finished

1/25/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 25 project started, Day 26
Eyes still feel strained

1/24/2020
- Rest day... eyes felt strained

1/23/2020
- Worked on non-swift programming for work :(

1/22/2020
- Worked on non-swift programming for work :(

1/21/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 23 & 24

1/20/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 20 & 21 & 22

1/19/2020
- Rest day

1/18/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 19 - SwiftUI preview never worked for this project. Deleted, restarted, and finished.

1/17/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 19 continued briefly

1/16/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 19 - project started

1/15/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 17 & 18

1/14/2020
- 100 Days of SwiftUI: Day 16
- Treehouse: Introduction (for Build an Interactive Story App with Swift), Navigation Controllers, Root View Controllers

1/13/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 25 (started)
- Treehouse: CLLocationManagerDelegate, UITextFieldDelegate

1/12/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 24
- Treehouse: Implementing A Delegate, Acting As A Delegate

1/11/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Finished Day 23 project
- Treehouse: resumed intermediate iOS track: Racing Horses

1/10/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - continued project

1/9/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - continued project
- Treehouse: Escaping, Weak and Unowned. COMPLETED INTERMEDIATE SWIFT TRACK! Reviewed some videos

1/8/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - continued project
- Treehouse: Throwing from Inside a Closure, Rethrowing an Error

1/7/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 23 - started project
- Treehouse: Reduce (video and objective)

1/6/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 22
- Treehouse: Filter, Reduce (half of video)

1/5/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 20 & 21

1/4/2020
- Treehouse: Closure Expression Syntax, Closure Expression Shorthand, Map, Flat Map

1/3/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: last 2 videos from Day 19
- Treehouse: A Quick Recap

1/2/2020
- Treehouse: Higher Order Functions objectives, Capturing Variables, Review
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 18, video 1 from Day 19

1/1/2020
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 17

12/31/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 16 (finished)
- Treehouse: Functions as Data, Functions as Parameters, Extending the Int Type, Returning Functions

12/30/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 16 (partial)
- Treehouse: Generics and Associated Types, Extending Generic Types (video and exercise)

12/29/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 15
- Treehouse: Associated Types, Constraints with Where Clauses, Constraining Associated Types

12/28/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 14
- Treehouse: Linked Lists, Linked Lists Operations, Creating a Generic Type

12/27/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 13
- Treehouse: Protocol Based Type Constraints, Class Based Type Constraints

12/26/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 12 (Resuming at Nil Coalescing quiz)
- Treehouse: Writing Generic Functions, Multiple Type Parameters

12/25/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 12 (up to Nil Coalescing video)
- Treehouse: API Design Guidelines: Correct Phrasing, Side-Effects and Mutation, Conventions

12/24/2019
- Treehouse: API Design Guidelines: Guidelines for Naming Methods, Fluent Usage, Prepositional vs. Grammatical Phrases
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 11

12/23/2019
- Treehouse: Intermediate Swift: Weak references & Understanding Access Levels. API design guidelines: Why do we need guidelines? & Naming Types.
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 10

12/22/2019
- 100 Days of Swift: Day 9
- Treehouse: Intermediate Swift: Weak references (started, will rewatch when I’m not falling asleep)
